So, yeah,
we saw it with the horizontal spacing.
So why don't you just
take a few minutes and
I'm gonna give you two of these at once.
We've got space and
then it's got its friend, divide, and
they are semantically basically the same.
Divide is almost exactly like space,
except for the fact that it puts a border.
So if you had a sidebar
with a bunch of dividers,
divide, right, in between them,
is the same as space but
it puts a border bottom for
all except the last in this case.
And so, we'll go through and just add a
border to separate them instead of space.
They effectively do the same thing.
So I'll show you both of them.
And then in that space section,
go ahead and
just kinda try them out,
see can separate these very close together
menu items to kind of have them
a little bit more spread out?
All right, so again,
we're just kind of playing around with
some of these space and utilities.
We'll open this up and
go put where I can edit it,
we've got some of the basics in here.
One, I'm, over a course of
time I've tried to sneak a few
little extra like utility classes
in there that maybe don't
necessarily warrant their own
their own discussion, but
this is basically the max width for the
content, it's going down to a CSS class.
Again, at any given point, you can hover
over, you can see the CSS class as well.
Text center does what you
think it does as well.
Nothing else special and new in this case.
So we could do something like
space y 10 like we saw earlier.
How do we want x actually,
x we can do let's start with divide,
you'll kind of see
the difference in this case
There's not as many options, so this puts
a border in there and you kind of see it.
The way the padding works is a little
iffy like this was the spacing exercise,
we can see kind of both in this case,
I do need to define what it
looks like in that sense.
You can't combine space and divide though.
So that's the only issue
you got to think about.
So I can do a border color of,
let's say, Cyan 300, all right?
You can see it looking
a little crazy there.
All right, so we've got all that,
we've got the divide in there.
The other thing that I did
wanna show you real quick is,
I don't know if this is the best,
I'll do it another div here.
You kind of saw it in the auto
complete a second ago.
Take a look where I can say,
let's say class BG,
I don't know if I can call that,
it's not gray, it's a lot of them.
All right, and
we'll say that the width is,
And the height is 10, just a box,
make it a little bit bigger than that,
96 and 96.
What happens if you
need a negative amount?
There's an easy shorthand for
that as well.
And so we'll just make another one, we'll
say it's got a height of 20, width of 20.
And we'll give this one
a background color of blue.
If I give it a margin of 20,
right, it gets a margin of 20.
We see mx in this case,
give this one padding instead.
Height, width, okay, cool.
What is that?
Height and width,
we'll say I can do negative, and
these will just be a negative margin,
right?
So if you ever need a negative value,
you just put a subtraction sign in front
of it, you will get the negative
version of that value.
So now it's the margin of -1.25 rem.
So, I mostly saw that as we were
looking at the other thing,
figured I'd mention it, negative values.
Also if you've ever find
yourself truly need important,
you can just put an exclamation
point before it.
So there is little nuances
to the short hand as we go
through everything as well, and cool.
The only thing I suddenly mess
up before I tried to call it
a border is actually a divide of
the color that I want as well.
So, we can go put that in
place as well over here,
we'll see what that
actually turns out to be.
We'll just say divide, and
we'll make it cyan, just so
it's absolutely ridiculous looking.
We'll get rid of that giant
red box that we made, right?
And you can see that it's a border color,
but
it's doing some extra like fun stuff in
there as well to like show it correctly.
And we could add the padding in here and
get effectively divider in
between each every one of them.
You can kinda see it better
in this example here.
I tend to use it for
those like sidebars where you might
have a bunch of menu items in this case.
But both of work and
I use space a lot more than I use divide
because I just don't need it as much.
But I find myself needing to space things
out a lot more often than I find myself
needing to put dividers between them.
But they are both super
helpful utility methods that,
again, are doing a little
bit of tomfoolery with CSS,
you just get for free because they
are kind of a reusable pattern.